Added IDE setup section. (#12)
lite-xl/lite-xl.github.io: docs/user-guide/ide-setup.md

> # Setup Lite XL as an IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
description: Learn how to set up Lite XL as an integrated development environment.
---

# Setup Lite XL as an IDE
```

Lite XL can be configured to be a proper IDE for most programming languages.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following is a brief overview of the plugins that, when used together, create the experience of a minimal and modern IDE.

> ### Bells and whistles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bells and whistles
```

The following plugins are meant to enrich Lite XL with handy features that make coding quicker and more pleasant to the eyes:

- `autoinsert` and `lfautoinsert` add automatic bracket/quote insertion and text-wrapping.
- `autosave` allows automatic file saving after every change.
- `bracketmatch` underlines brackets matching pairs under the caret.

> - `colorpreview` underlays color values (eg. #ff00ff or rgb(255, 0, 255)) with their respective color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `colorpreview` underlays color values (eg. `#ff00ff` or `rgb(255, 0, 255)`) with their respective color.
```

- `indentguide` adds indent guides to make it easier to see function boundaries.
- `rainbowparen` applies rainbow colours to nesting parentheses to make it easier to distinguish them.
- `scalestauts` displays current scale (zoom) in the status view (it depends on the `scale` plugin).
- `selectionhighlight` highlights regions of code that match the current selection, to preview for search/replace actions.
- `sticky_scroll` keeps track of the current scope at the top of the view.
- `minimap` adds VSCode's minimap.
- `devicons` provides fancy icons in the project treeview for many different file types.
- `meta_colors` installs all available theme files

> ### Syntax highlighting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax highlighting
```

`meta_languages` is a metapackage that installs all supported syntax-highlighting plugins.

> ### Intellisense

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Intellisense
```

`lsp` is a plugin that provides support for intellisense (LSP protocol), while `lintplus` provides support for linters, which are used when the relative lsp server lacks an integrated one.

There is also `lsp_snippets`, which adds snippets support from `lsp` to the `snippets` plugin.

`lsp` can be configured manually by following the [official guide][3], or it can interface with the `lite-xl-lsp-servers` repository that allows the installation of bundled lsp servers, which don't require manual configuration.

An example of installing bundled lsp servers is `lpm install lsp_rust` which installs the binary files required to run the `rust-analyzer` lsp.

> ### Code snippets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code snippets
```

`snippets` adds support for code snippets.

Snippets can be easily added following the [official guide][5].

> ### Code formatters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code formatters
```

`formatter` provides automatic file-specific formatting for several programming languages.

> ### Integrated terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrated terminal
```

`lite-xl-terminal` provides an integrated terminal.

> ### Version control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version control
```

`scm` provides source code control integration to Lite XL.

`gitblame` can be added to show git commit information of the line where the cursor rests.

> ### TODO treeview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TODO treeview
```

`todotreeview` is a plugin that adds a custom treeview with the goal of keeping tracks of flagged comments (TODO, WIP, FIX, ...) for better workflow organization.

More flags can be added in the `init.lua` following the [official guide][4].

> ### Build integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build integration
```

`build` provides a build system, messages window, and easily clickable errors.

A the moment it only supports `make`, but it can be extended to any build system.

> ### Debug integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debug integration
```

`debugger` provides debugger integration, with pluggable backends.

At the moment it only supports `gdb`.

> ### Automated IDE setup examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatic Setup
```

> The following examples are IDE configurations that bundle together the essential components of a minimal IDE:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples are configurations and scripts that bundle together the essential components of a minimal IDE:
```

- [Adam's configuration][1] features custom plugins for building and debugging designed for C/C++.
- [PerilousBooklet's configuration (WIP)][2] contains an installation script that prepares a comprehensive IDE configuration similar to a minimal version of VSCode, aimed at supporting the most used programming languages.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

---
description: Learn how to set up Lite XL as an integrated development environment.
---

# Setup Lite XL as an IDE

Lite XL can be configured to be a proper IDE for most programming languages.
The following is a brief overview of the plugins that, when used together, create the experience of a minimal and modern IDE.

## Bells and whistles

> The following plugins are meant to enrich Lite XL with handy features that make coding quicker and more pleasant to the eyes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following plugins are meant to enrich Lite XL with handy features that improve
the coding experience:
```

Author: Ok

- `autoinsert` and `lfautoinsert` add automatic bracket/quote insertion and text-wrapping.
- `autosave` allows automatic file saving after every change.
- `bracketmatch` underlines brackets matching pairs under the caret.
- `colorpreview` underlays color values (eg. `#ff00ff` or `rgb(255, 0, 255)`) with their respective color.
- `indentguide` adds indent guides to make it easier to see function boundaries.
- `rainbowparen` applies rainbow colours to nesting parentheses to make it easier to distinguish them.
- `scalestauts` displays current scale (zoom) in the status view (it depends on the `scale` plugin).
- `selectionhighlight` highlights regions of code that match the current selection, to preview for search/replace actions.
- `sticky_scroll` keeps track of the current scope at the top of the view.
- `minimap` adds VSCode's minimap.
- `devicons` provides fancy icons in the project treeview for many different file types.
- `meta_colors` installs all available theme files

## Syntax highlighting
`meta_languages` is a metapackage that installs all supported syntax-highlighting plugins.

## Intellisense

> `lsp` is a plugin that provides support for intellisense (LSP protocol), while `lintplus` provides support for linters and is used when the an lsp server lacks an integrated linter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lsp` is a plugin that provides support for intellisense (LSP protocol), while `lintplus` provides support for linters in case A LSP server lacks an integrated linter.
```
